We'll arrive in 20 minutes.
The donor is in good state.
Hello? Hello?
Power went out again?
The papers check out.
The donor committed suicide.
Why at such a young age?
I know.
-Where's Dr. Oh? Dr. Oh!
Right here.
-Jesus!
Hello. sir!
-What's the status?
We must start the extraction.
What's that?
A birthmark or a tattoo?
Tattoo.
He looks familiar.
-I think I saw him too.
Maybe in a history book?
Pay tribute.
Loved and missed by someone....
...the donor sprinkled
flowers of love and left this land.
My arm hurts.
His body is like steel.
How many knives did we break?
What is he. a superhero
or something?
Jesus Christ!
-What? What's wrong?
Monster!
-A mouse?
Come out!
-Don't come!
-Don't come out! Hurry!
Water!
You're not sick at all?
-No.
How many times
must I say that?
Normally. that's impossible.
You should throw up.
drool. and such.
With someone else's heart
transplanted....
...you're healed right away?
That's odd.
If she's not sick. isn't that good?
-Of course.
I'm glad she's fine....
...but I wonder if there is
something else going on.
So. can I go home or not?
If you're fine. you can.
What's that?
Did you get a tattoo?
I don't know. Maybe it's
a side effect from the surgery.
Did you make a bad friend
in the hospital?
I don't have any friends!
-Don't yell and eat slowly.
See? Your heart rate is over 90!
Come on. Dad.
Don't buy expensive stuff
like this. You have no money.
Who says I have no money?
If there's anything you want
to do or buy. just say it.
I want to do something.
-Say it.
Start up Taekwondo again.
-No way.
You said to say what I want!
-Not Taekwondo. Never!
It's dangerous.
-Doc said I can run moderately.
What does he know? Dad knows best.
-Why get me a heart transplant...
...if I can't even run?
-You can do Pilates...
...when you go to college.
-Dad!
Listen!
When I think of your heart attack
at the competition....
...I get cold sweats.
Your mom.....
She died from a heart attack.
Your grandfather died
from a heart attack.
If I lose you. too. I can't
live in this dreadful world!
Eternal Young-chun.
New God resurrected.
Forever immortal.
transcendent body.
Eternal Young-chun.
New God resurrected.
Forever immortal.
transcendent body.
Yes. Lord.
I know.
Organs are not batteries.
but he keeps changing them.
It's the pancreas this time.
Fortunately. I think Dad
will not make it this time.
Anyway....
...you'll get everything
before the revival.
Don't cut the price.
Forever immortal.
transcendent body!
Eternal Young-chun.
New God resurrected!
Forever immortal.
transcendent body!
Eternal Young-chun.
New God resurrected!
I'm hungry.
Bring me some grilled meat.
Forever immortal.
transcendent body!
Add more power!
Let's take on the world!
Dad.
-No way.
I didn't even ask.
-You can't do Taekwondo.
That's not it.
Did you run during gym?
I saw your heart rate go up.
Rendezvous!
-I didn't run.
Then what's with your shoes?
One more time!
Come on. Stop it or I'll
just chuck this in the trash!
Listen.
I'll be out driving tonight.
Buy new shoes and go home.
Buy healthy food
with your friends. too.
Class is over!
Courtesy and courage!
-I don't have friends.
Taekwondo!
Well done!
Joong-pil! Do 50 kicks
as a penalty for being late.
Taekwondo!
Sir! I was about to call...
...and explain why
there is $100 missing.
Hey. kid!
Can't you kick better than that?
I could do 540-degree kicks
at your age.
Move.
This is all for your own good.
Stand firm.
stare at the target. then kick!
Joong-pil.
Say you did this. okay?
What happened?
Dad. We have a kid
here who will make it big!
Taekwondo!
Hey! Get her! Hurry!
I'm sorry!
-Hurry up!
I gotcha!
-I got you!
You're slow!
-No way!
"DAD:
DON'T RUN WITH YOUR FRIENDS!"
Dr. Song said. fatty food
is bad for the pancreas.
Say. ah!
Choon-hwa.
-Yes. Dad.
It must've been hard
to take care of me all this time.
I'm sorry.
-Don't be.
You need to be healthy
to bless the followers.
You have to live
for all creation to.....
Know what's amazing about humans?
Even if you're in a coma
with a respirator on....
...you can still hear well.
When my dad was in a coma....
...I said all kinds
of bad things about him.
Jeez! He must've heard everything.
I must admit....
...I'm the worst jerk
in the world.
It's like the engine and parts
were changed in car...
...to a sports car.
Just from getting a new pancreas?
Then I should do it too.
My guess is...
...that the donor
had an unusual body type.
Like the donor
had superpowers or something?
"ALL ABOUT SUPERPOWERS." "HOW
TO WRITE SUCCESSFUL SCREENPLAYS"
I said no Taekwondo!
Why keep wearing your uniform?
It's comfortable.
Doc said it's good for the heart
to wear comfortable clothes.
Still! No Taekwondo for you!
Don't run! Walk slowly!
-Okay. okay!
You've been roaming around
our gym since last week.
Are you a flasher. stalker.
or in love with me?
All three are crimes!
-My arm! Ow!
My arm!
You're really strong.
I should get this checked out.
Come on! It was just a pinch
from a middle school girl. man!
Why does a middle school girl
talk so tough?
My grandfather raised me
when I was learning to speak.
You don't know
what you're capable of. do you?
I thought I had a sudden growth
spurt. No idea I had superpowers.
Does your mom know?
-I don't have a mom.
Do you have a dad?
Yes. I do.
If he finds out....
...he'll faint and cry like crazy
for 3 days.
No way I can tell him.
-Good.
It's a rule to keep
superpowers a secret.
What superpower did you get.
Mister?
Who's the donor
that we got the superpowers?
Did you know six organs
can be donated?
No.
-Heart. lungs....
...cornea. kidney. liver.
and pancreas.
It means there are
4 others besides us.
Finding the rest of the recipients
should give us...
...more clues.
-How do we find them?
The 17th Transplant Recipients'
Sportsfest...
...will be held at Seoul Park
on the 10th.
The sporting event is held
every 2 years.
Over 100 transplant receivers
are expected...
...to take part this year.
Chairman Hwang
of the association is.....
"GOLD PARADISE GAME LAND"
"THE 17th TRANSPLANT
RECIPIENTS' SPORTSFEST"
Now. they're running fast!
They exchanged the batons!
Well done!
Cornea team is winning!
Heart team! Come on!
You're in last place!
Nike! Yes!
I needed new shoes.
Did you find them?
-Huh?
No. they're not here.
Take it back.
Why didn't you look harder instead
of staring at your phone all day?
You don't have friends. do you?
Why do I need friends?
-Have a drink!
It's free.
I got a kidney transplant.
I'm so healthy and thankful.
I'm giving this to everyone.
It's good for digestion.
-Thank you.
What else is there?
-If you can't digest well....
...this has prebiotics
and probiotics.
It'll coat your gut...
...with vitamins and vegetables.
-Can I see your arm?
My arm?
Why?
Other arm. too.
For what?
Do you have apple flavor?
-Of course!
If you drink too much.
you'll get a stomach ache.
We have some food and salad too.
5% off on salads
with a delivery subscription.
Let me show you.
What are you doing?
For me. after I got
a heart transplant....
...I can run really fast.
And see?
I got stronger.
He got a lung transplant.
Show her.
What the heck!
Come quick!
What happened?
-What superpower do you have?
Me?
I don't have one.
Nothing changed after your surgery?
I'm not sure. but people say
my skin has improved.
They say I'm prettier now.
It's awkward to hear
that I'm so pretty.
Is becoming prettier my superpower?
Being pretty has power. right?
You wish.
-I'm serious!
Men come to buy yogurt.
then ask for my number saying....
...I remind them
of their first love.
Doubt it.
-Enjoy your meal.
You have a tattoo. too.
Then you must have a superpower.
but haven't discovered it yet.
He's a whiz at superpowers.
He knows everything.
When the superpowers
come together....
...unknown. greater powers
may be released.
We'll know more
when we find the others.
How do we find them?
Park Wan-seo.
Heart transplant.
Jindeok Middle School.
grade 9 class 2.
Taekwondo athlete.
Wow! Won 5 medals?
Future goal.
To marry Doh Kyung-soo.
Is he in BTS?
-No. EXO.
Kim Seon-nyeo.
Kidney transplant.
Born in 1975?
Still single?
You still look young
and pretty.
Park Ji-sung.
Lung transplant.
Job.....
-Stop!
Who are you?
-I'm Hwang Ki-dong.
A.k.a. the conductor.
I got corneas.
Ki-dong.
How'd you find us?
You all have tattoos. right?
If I come within a few meters....
...it shines really brightly.
Only I can see it.
I can't explain it.
What you did before. was that like
controlling electricity or wi-fi?
You mean this?
Yes?
One more beer. please.
-Sure.
You're amazing.
Will you be the leader of our team?
We'll find the others.....
-What leader?
Is this a military regime?
He can only tell within a few
meters. They could be anywhere.
How about hacking like back then?
In movies.....
-Hacking? Is this a dictatorship?
If you get caught keeping tabs
on civilians. you'll be charged...
...for violations in
privacy. communications act....
...personal information sharing.
and defamation.
You wanted to find
the others first.
I'm saying
it's not a righteous way to do it.
Can't be bothered?
-It's because I'm busy.
But you don't have a job.
Says who?
-Then what's your job?
I write screenplays.
What do you write?
Hero stories.
-Let's see.
It'll be done next week.
-You like hero stories?
Then do you know Uriggiri?
They have lots of stuff
on heroes.
You like that site?
-Yes.
That site is full of pro-japs.
Are you a far-rightist?
-You must be a commie.
I thought so.
Let's avoid talking.
Are you talking down to me?
What year were you born?
'88.
-I was born in '87.
Early '88.
-What month?
Early April.
-April '88?
I'm almost a year older!
-So what if I'm a year younger?
Respect me if
you're a year younger!
Calm down. please!
We got new lives from one donor.
We're like family!
Hey. Mister!
You said we'd split the bill!
What is all this?
What kind of show
will he put on this time...
...to get the poor souls
to offer their skin and bones?
Don't say it's too expensive now.
I'll just sell to someone else.
You know cults are
booming in Korea.
How annoying.....
Get out.
Eternal Young-chun.
New God resurrected!
God of heaven and earth.
Lord Jae-lim.
Congratulations on your return.
Thank you for coming. Lord Jae-lim.
How can I save more helpless souls?
I should learn from you.
It sounds like you've come
to steal them from me.
It must be from hurting your ear.
You've heard wrong. sir.
No. no.
I can hear well.
How much did my daughter want
for handing over the foundation?
Still. she wouldn't sell the
pharmaceutical company...
...because you started out
with that business.
She's a dutiful daughter.
Byung-choon.
There are no good.
dutiful kids in our family.
We're greedy by blood.
She wanted $450 per follower.
I'll pay $500 if you hand them over
before the revival.
I hurt my ear because of you.
remember?
You hit it by mistake
during our strength demo.
$550!
-So I beat you to a pulp...
...and you pooed in your pants.
I sold lots of pills that day.
-That's enough. sir!
You're a pants-pooper
who tailed a medicine peddler!
Think you've become a god?
I said stop it!
Darn peddler!
Don't call me a pants-pooper!
It's the truth!
Good! That's it!
5 minutes left on the lunch break!
We must take positions now
to start work on time.
Right timing keeps us safe.
Please wear your hard hats.
There are 3 minutes left!
Employers cannot force
overtime work.
Do you know this is a violation
of the Labor Act?
If you know the law well.
Seung-hoon....
...why are you working here?
Please don't discriminate
against contract workers.
I'm not. I know we must keep
to the break time and work time.
But the foundation
doesn't stick to the rules.
We're lacking safety equipment
and do more work for the revival.
If there's an accident.
will you save everyone. chief?
Think the cult leader will?
-An unsaved man...
...who will fall in hell! How dare
you bad-mouth the New Father God!
What happened?
-It fell from up there.
Darn it! I asked that to be
replaced a dozen times!
Call emergency!
When are they coming?
-Choi called them.
"PUTTING SAFETY FIRST
MAKES YOU A SUPERHERO!"
I saw it!
Why don't you believe me?
It's not that I don't.
There's a medical term for that.
When excited and dopamine is.....
-No. no!
I wasn't excited.
I saw very clearly.
As soon as he came to. he
wanted meat which he couldn't eat.
Hwang's hair turned white
when he grabbed him.
And the tree.....
What you said before.....
-Pardon?
The donor had
an unusual body type?
I mentioned that's a possibility.
There must be more
organ transplant recipients. right?
One more time!
There must be pollen in the air.
Wanna stop?
-Let's just keep going.
It's the weekend.
Got no plans?
No friends?
-I have no friends.
Why? Because of your dad?
Well. that too.
It's because
I took a year off from being sick.
I hear you.
No friends because you're sick or
because they think you'll get sick.
Superhumans are often lonely.
Know what?
-No.
I didn't ask yet.
-What is it?
The villain is among
the same group of superhumans...
...and he'll attack
the others. Why?
So he can have
all the superpowers?
Right! So we must find the villain
first! Before he steals our powers.
Us?
-Yes. us.
People with superpowers
become friends.
Like the rich hang out
with the rich.
Mister. Do this.
-Why?
Just do it.
If you get caught
by the villain. call me.
I'll rescue our whole gang!
Wan-seo!
How do we know
who is the villain?
We'll know.
The way I see it....
...that jerk is the villain.
He's so selfish.
He ate two chicken wings!
Wan-seo! Ji-sung!
I found it!
I found my superpower!
Watch carefully.
Watch me.
Drum roll!
What if I don't have a superpower?
Why do I have just a circle
for a tattoo back here?
Why do you want to have
a superpower?
So I can use it to save
other people. like a hero.
Not everyone with superpowers
become heroes.
Why not?
There's a cut line by
experience. activism....
...number of people saved.
and degree of self-sacrifice.
Not anyone can become heroes.
Man. I don't like cut lines.
Is he coming or not?
Did he hack away
and find the others?
Not sure. Ask him. yourself.
You'll get a stomach ache
if you drink too much.
Why is he always so late?
No manners.
He could've texted.
"SUPERPOWERS' CHAT GROUP
HELP ME!"
"HWANG KI-DONG:
SAVE ME"
Darn.
-I'll return the money.
That's a given. you jerk!
How can you get a jackpot
11 times from one spot?
You broke it! Pay up!
Take off the shades!
I don't think it's broken.
I'll pay.
-Of course you will. stupid!
I saw you snapping your fingers.
then winning the jackpot.
Are you Pikachu.
making static electricity?
I'm not Pikachu. sir.
It's a superpower.
Sure. Mr. Electro.
I gotta report you to my boss!
He'll teach you a lesson.
You gotta push it.
I told him he'd get a
stomach ache. but he drank 5!
Where'd he go?
Middle school kids can't come in.
It's not a PC room.
I should be in high school.
I took a year off.
High school or not.
you can't come in here.
Yogurt drinks give me
a stomach ache.
I didn't come to sell yogurt.
I came to take that young man.
He's not someone you can just take!
He messed with our machine!
Wait. How'd you reach them
without a cell phone?
Excuse me.
There's no toilet paper.
There.
It's so far.
Is he a friend?
-No.
Mister!
Let that man go.
My dad is a Taekwondo master.
My dad is a master ex-con!
Didn't you hear anything
I said before?
This man completely ruined
my business!
I lost big time!
-He should pay up for that.
We're not friends.
He has no friends.
He needs to be punished.
He's hopeless.
We're going for ribs.
If you learned your lesson. come.
Or don't. I don't care.
Can you just let him go. please?
Wait!
I'll give you drinks for free.
Don't you people have ears?
I get diarrhea from those!
Beef or pork ribs?
They went in 10 minutes ago.
All four are here?
It took exactly 4 minutes
and 28 seconds. sir.
Darn it!
Oh! Wan-seo!
Hop on!
Call the boys!
What's that?
-Pass them!
Whoa! What the hell?
What do we do?
Step on it!
Wan-seo!
Now. swing!
Stop or you're all dead meat!
Think our truck is a joke?
We'll race you down!
Stop it. sneezer!
Take your shades off!
Stop!
Table for 4. please.
"RIB HOUSE"
-Thank you.
All-you-can-eat is not bad!
We almost died because of him.
but he doesn't even pay?
You're acting like you paid. pal.
I'm not your pal.
-I didn't mean it like that.
Let's not fight among friends.
What friends?
This jerk!
Are we gonna keep going with him?
If you can hack and find
the others. be my guest.
It's not that I can't!
It's illegal.
With such a strong sense
of the law....
...why plagiarize
someone else's work?
Did you hack my life?
-So what if I did?
You act so righteous.
so I took a look.
What writer?
The only screenplay you sold
was stolen from a friend.
That's why you got no friends.
You're a big internet troll. huh?
You got sued so many times!
You give bad reviews
without even looking at things.
And you're poor!
Did you know that your stocks
are down 90%?
You have $80 left.
"F YOU"
-Work hard for your money....
...righteously.
Aren't you sorry to your mom...
...who works as a maid
to pay for your stocks?
Mister! Don't!
-I'd kill myself if I were you.
How can you say that!
There are things
you shouldn't say!
Suicide?
Let's go. Don't mind him.
For what! Move!
Hey! Let go!
-Stop fighting!
We promised to be friends!
-I felt sorry for you...
...and played with you!
Think we're real friends now?
Hey! Come here!
What's wrong with you two!
Let's not meet anymore. then!
Why didn't you take my calls?
Where were you?
What happened to this?
Who were you with? Friends?
I don't have friends.
What did you do alone. then?
Give me your friend's number.
-I don't have friends.
I thought something
bad happened...
...and checked
the police. hospital....
...and even the morgue!
I was so worried about you!
You're not well. Don't go around
playing with friends!
Darn it!
I have no friends.
Do you hear me?
I have no one.
Everyone hates me!
I'm a useless human being!
Instead of living like this.
I should've just died then!
Why would you die!
-Darn it!
You're suffocating me. Dad!
I feel like my heart will stop
because of you!
I'm not a dog!
Why put this leash on me?
You're suffocating
me to death. Dad.
I don't need you!
Wan-seo.
Wan-seo. Wait!
Don't run!
You'll fall!
Have a drink before you go.
Please stop bringing things.
I'm sorry.
I guess your kidney
transplant went well.
You look much healthier.
Your skin is glowing.
You're more beautiful.
You took 2 people's lives.
You should be healthier.
Right?
I'm so sorry.
For the rest of my life.
I'll do good deeds
on behalf of your husband...
...and save many people.
I just wish
you'd commit suicide again.
Don't fail this time.
I hope you succeed.
Don't start a fire to die....
...then make an innocent person
like my husband die.
I wish you'd die.
Let's do this.
What?
Let's research this
and make new medicine.
What do you mean?
-Are there 3 years left...
...till retirement?
-3 and 4 months to be exact.
After you retire....
...want to change grandkids'
diapers...
...or be the
pharmaceutical company VP?
Pardon?
It's about time...
...a Korean wins the Nobel prize
for medicine. right?
But how?
I think there is a way.
Why are you here?
Are you set on not meeting them?
That's what the lady said.
But you wanted
to find the villain.
The villain has been found.
No use looking.
Come on.
The snapping man is not a villain.
He's more like a minion.
It's not him. I'm the villain.
You know that if you're sick.
you don't care about things.
Then people get on your nerves.
And I hate myself for cursing
those that get on my nerves.
It's a rule that losers
with nothing become the villain.
But you have a superpower.
What can I do with this?
Why couldn't I get a cool.
useful one like that jerk?
This is a joke. It's useless.
What's wrong with you?
-This is why I'm living like this.
I didn't plagiarize the script.
We planned it together. but he
said he'd write something else.
Forget it.
Mister.
Did you really play with me
because you felt sorry for me?
I take that back.
Go tell Seon-nyeo that I'm sorry.
Go there and tell her yourself.
Where?
-We found the liver recipient.
Team chief 7. They're not
members of our congregation.
If we cater to all their needs.
we can't finish before the revival.
We went up 50 floors with no ropes
back in my days.
Father God said safety
is most important. sir.
That's right. He oversees
everything. What is there to worry?
It's because they have no faith
that they're scared!
Let's eat.
-Ward Chief.
There are still 15 minutes left
till lunchtime.
Let's eat. then work.
We're not robots.
How can we finish this
in one day?
Enjoy your lunch.
To finish this today.
someone has to work.
Jeez.
Get me a cup of noodles?
Sure.
-Thanks!
"WHEN ARE YOU COMING. MISTER?"
-He's not coming.
He saw it and didn't reply.
So what if he doesn't?
He'll just take up oxygen.
What a twisted guy
with a useless superpower.
I'm sorry. but I'd better go.
Go and meet him.
Why? Don't you want to find
your superpower?
I'm sorry. Wan-seo.
I have no right to be here.
What do you mean?
We promised to find your superpower
and become heroes together.
You saw into my life too. right?
You know I'm not qualified.
Ah. I didn't look that
carefully.....
Use your precious
powers for good.
Thank you for everything.
Then I quit too!
This sucks.
I struggle to survive too.
What superhero?
Help others for what?
Let's disband!
Our chatroom can go bust!
They said it's nothing.
Don't worry.
What are you doing?
-Can't you hear that?
Get out! Hurry!
The ward chief said it's nothing
and told us to stay.
Think he'd be responsible
if you people die!
Get out now!
In two rows!
Be careful!
What was that?
Hurry!
Are we going the right way?
-I have no idea either!
Seung-hoon!
Over here!
Lee Seung-hoon!
-Help me. chief!
Didn't we come here before?
Help me!
Seung-hoon!
Put your safety hat on!
Mister. move!
Stay back.
There's someone in there!
Ki-dong! Open the door!
Mister. wait!
-Hurry!
It's dangerous!
-Open it or not?
Open it.
I'm sorry about before.
Are there any goggles here?
I can't see from all the smoke.
Turn the music off!
Ki-dong!
-I'm on it.
Found him!
-I'll tell you the way. Go in!
Who are you to tell me
to go in or not?
I can give you the directions.
Then why don't you just go in?
Are you crazy! Don't fight!
You said to open
the door. so I did.
You asked for directions. so I did.
What more do you want?
I'm saying. you don't get
to boss me around with orders.
You're the one who's giving me
the orders! Don't you get it?
You don't get to tell me
what to do!
I don't take orders from you!
You stupid!
Stop fighting all the time!
Get in there now!
Give us the directions.
What?
Go left. A bit more.
Not that way!
Good.
Go straight.
He's there!
Seung-hoon!
Is he okay?
-This way!
Seung-hoon!
Hey. pal! Wake up!
Mister!
Water.
-Water?
Water! Hurry!
-Water!
Hurry!
Oh. no.
Water! Where?
Don't just stand there.
do something!
What did you do?
Which way?
Stop!
Where is Ki-dong?
Where am I?
You said to get some water.
If I say where.
can you find me?
There's a water dispenser.
a superhero poster. and.....
Go outside first.
Water dispenser and poster?
I know where they are.
Please take him outside.
Follow me.
Let's go.
He's just 100 m away.
Aren't there any gas masks
at a construction site like this?
I'm sorry.
-I saw some tanks earlier.
Aren't there any oxygen tanks?
The oxygen tank has arrived!
It's not that way.
My name is Huh Heel-han.
I had a liver transplant.
I can't always heal
pre-existing conditions.
But I can heal fractures.
bruises. stiff shoulders....
...and chronic fatigue
caused by accidents.
Let me know if you need me.
You drive part-time at nights too?
My dad. too.
Back then. you healed people
and took the injuries on yourself.
If I just drink some water.
I'm okay after a while.
Wow.
You're what they call a real hero!
Right?
Applause!
Ma'am.
I think you're the real hero.
You saved my life.
I sincerely thank you.
What?
-Why?
Why. what?
-I'm not sure why and what!
Don't cry. lady!
You swore like hell before.
Crying doesn't suit.
You're scaring me!
Actually. in the past....
...I suffered from depression
and anger control disorder.
After the transplant.
I got healthier and better.
I thought swearing
was her superpower.
Please!
Forget all that.
Why don't we name
ourselves as heroes?
Why do that?
-In Hollywood movies....
...superheroes all have names.
Some sort of man or girl.
I'm strong and fast like
a super cat with nine lives.
How about Nine Girl?
-Are you sure?
I like it in English.
Nine Girl.
You're like an oxygen tank.
How about Tank Boy?
What about you. ma'am?
I'm a yogurt fresh manager.
So I thought of Fresh Girl.
Is it weird?
Girl goes better than woman
with Fresh. doesn't it?
Whatever you want.
I won't call you.
Your name is Heel-han.
-Yes.
How about Heal-hand?
Your hand heals.
Since Ki-dong's name
means conductor.
Bluetooth Man!
You control wi-fi and stuff.
Right! That's good.
Hey. Nine Girl.
You suck at school. don't you?
Dad just told me to be healthy.
Wait.
I already have a name in mind.
Since I heal
and recharge people's energy....
...Battery Man.
Since everyone else's names
are in English.....
Right!
Nice! Battery Man!
Now that we all have
new hero names and such...
...Blues Man! Play some
music that suits the mood here!
That's so cool!
Mister. this is cool. too.
Watch this.
Action!
Wow!
One more time!
-Stop it!
"BARCELONA TAEKWONDO
BY 1992 OLYMPIC TEAM MEMBER"
Where'd you go?
I met some friends.
You said you had no friends.
-I do now.
Want some help?
-You have no strength.
You'll get hurt. Move!
See? Dad is still useful. huh?
Not bad at all.
-Since I'm useful....
...call me if you need my help.
Dad.
-Even when you become a granny....
...if you shout. "Dad!"
I'll appear like a hero
and take care of everything.
Catching a cold
is not good for the heart.
Your doctor's appointment
is tomorrow. Go to bed.
Our New God Hospital wishes
good health for our patients.
All our medical staff is focused
on doing their best.
I'm sorry.
Please take the next one.
"NEW GOD FOUNDATION"
Let members on.
What department are you in?
Eternal Young-chun.
New God resurrected!
I'm Huh Heel-han.
stage equipment team chief 7. sir.
It's an honor. sir!
-The recent explosion...
...must've been a scare.
Were you hurt?
I'm fine. sir. Thank you.
You should thank your faith.
Yes. sir.
I'll strive for more faith.
Eternal Young-chun.
New God resurrected.
You have a tattoo?
-I was lucky...
...to receive
a transplant recently. and.....
What did you receive?
The liver. sir.
-Did anything change...
...after the surgery?
I got much healthier.
less tired. and.....
Not that.
Anything unusual?
Well.....
I'm not sure. but people say
I look younger.
The liver is best
to being younger.
What is your name again?
Huh Heel-han. sir.
Huh Heel-han. team chief 7.
Take good care of yourself.
I'll see you again.
"ALL ABOUT NURSING"
-Is someone preparing...
...to become a nurse?
-No. I'm just reading it for fun.
That's cool.
I'm sorry.
The location has been changed.
Why meet here?
Should I turn back?
-So sorry.
Let's see.....
Where is New God Pharmaceuticals?
I work right beside that company.
I know the way well.
That's great.
Please drive there safely.
Of course.
-I had some gum here.
Gum?
Why aren't you starting?
Ah. well.....
The biopsy needs to be done first.
The anesthesia won't work
even past lethal levels.
Arch priest?
What a relief. I'm team
chief 7. Huh Heel-han.
Arch priest?
Where am I? I gotta go home.
Wait!
I summarized all the core points
to the nursing exam book.
Do you know where it is?
-Forget anesthesia. Just cut him.
Arch priest! Help!
Arch priest!
Shut up!
Arch priest.....
Just make him faint or something.
What's keeping you?
-Pardon?
Waiting for someone?
-Me. of course.
Eternal Young-chun.
New God resurrected.
What you planned is amusing.
We meet again.
Huh Heel-han. team chief 7.
It's okay.
Who did this to you?
Dr. Song!
-Yes. Father God.
If you leave a bit.
the liver can grow back. right?
Yes. sir.
Eternal Young-chun.
New God resurrected.
Become a true sacrifice...
...and live eternally in me.
Dr. Kim. Tie him!
I'm sorry!
-I guess it doesn't work...
...on the same kind.
Let's do the transplant.
Chief Cho.
-Yes. boss.
Let's beat him to it.
Capture all of them.
Thank you! Slow down!
Hey. lady! Over here!
Coming!
Thank you very much.
Got anything good?
-Yes. of course I do!
I have prebiotics and.....
Sweetie!
What's wrong? What happened?
Are you okay?
-Get the girl.
All this for one little girl?
-Who are you?
Let's go.
Where?
It won't take long.
-Sweetie! Go over there!
Stay back!
Ow. my back!
I didn't get to stretch!
Time out!
Go back.
You got this!
-Go all at once! Hurry!
Fight back!
Ever seen a 540-degree kick?
Hi. Mom. I finished the kimchi.
I'll bring the container now.
I told you to yell. "Dad!"
when you're in trouble.
Get the water.
-Water?
It's in the bag.
Help!
As I said before.
you got the wrong person.
If you let me out.....
Let me go.
-Did my dad...
...promise you a position?
I don't need a position.
A few Nobel prizes will do.
Look.
You got in the wrong line.
The old man can keep trying.
But who do you think
will live longer?
See for yourself.
Who are you?
What took you so long?
Who the hell are you?
Are you drunk?
Can't you recognize your father?
I told you I was handsome
when I was young. didn't I?
Why you.....
Welcome! Follow me. please!
This way. please.
Pastor!
-Please watch the stairs. This way!
This way. please.
New members. right this way!
Where are they?
My fellow recipients.
I don't know.
-I need the others to become a god.
Have you no fear?
If there is a god.
you'll be punished for this.
Are you going to church now?
-Dad!
I'm trying to be a god
because I know I won't be forgiven.
She's smart to hide them
right under my nose.
Long time no see. Chief Cho.
Who are you?
-You know who I am.
No. I don't.
Be gentle. Boss said
to escort him respectfully.
Shit.
Cramp! Cramp!
"Where are you!"
What? Did you open it?
We came together. sir.
Untie me now!
Park Ji-sung! Ji-sung!
That jerk!
Lady! Help! Lady! Lady!
Darn it!
"KI-DONG: HELP!"
"WE'RE HELD HOSTAGE!"
"ADDRESS?"
"GO TO MAP"
Not the eyes! No!
Not my eyes!
No! Take my willy instead!
What a crybaby.
Cornea transplant
is a breeze. right?
Yes. sir.
-No way!
Not my eyes!
Why not do all the transplants
at once?
I'm filthy rich!
-We need one more person.
I'll give you money!
-It's better to do it one by one.
How much will it take. jerk!
Anesthesia will work on him. right?
Huh yelled way too much.
I guess it hurt a lot.
No.
-On what?
Whatever it is.
-But I have to go.
No! No way! You can't go!
Think I didn't know
you went around in secret?
When did you find out?
-Just by smelling...
...our kid's fart....
...we. parents.
know there's something wrong.
3 years in the hospital.
you couldn't meet any friends.
Since you got better.
you met new ones.
But why do those friends
have to be...
...school bullies!
I buy you new shoes....
...but you come back
with worn out. useless ones.
My poor. weak baby girl!
So this is why you wanted
to learn Taekwondo?
To avoid getting hit?
To avoid bullies?
Since the bullies torture you.
you wanted to learn.
Dad.
-That's why.....
Actually.....
-What if you get sick again?
My friends are held hostage
by bullies now.
I'm worried to death.
We're like family.
I gotta go and rescue them.
No! You can't!
Hide behind me.
Those jerks!
You saw me with the black suits.
Age is just a number.
Let's change the song.
This song still makes
my blood boil.
I won gold in Barcelona
after listening to this.
What's my nickname?
Taekwon V!
-Taekwon V!
I won with my kick of justice!
What?
Come on. Snap to it!
Where are we?
We've been abducted.
Let's get out.
Where is the bathroom?
-Not that way.
Are you okay. sir?
This is so fun and amazing.
Ever seen wi-fi signals?
The focus goes in and out
with just one eye done.
I'm sorry. sir. He suddenly
woke up and attacked.
It bothers me that
he still has a cornea.
He can see and do all this too.
It was damaged during extraction.
No treatment can help
recover it. sir.
Who is it?
-It's me.
Battery Man.
-Mister! Please heal me.
You can heal people!
My battery is dead.
If you drink water.
you can recover. Please help me.
I brought you water last time!
I'm so scared.
How can I go blind twice in life!
Eternal Young-chun.
New God resurrected.
Welcome all members
and new followers who have come!
Now. remember his promise!
With a new. everlasting body....
...he will return to save us
from the fires of hell...
...and punish the unbelievers.
He has resurrected!
The king of kings
and lord of lords!
Let's welcome our Father God.
Seo Young-chun!
Hands up high!
-Let's shout together.
Father God!
-Father God!
Father!
Who's that?
-I don't know.
Eternal Young-chun.
New God resurrected.
Forever immortal.
transcendent body.
On the day I promised.
I shall return in a youthful body.
Those who believe and follow me
will be my people!
Eternal Young-chun.
New God resurrected!
All powerful
to cut through rock!
On the day I promised. I'll break
the rock and show my power.
Those who believe and follow me...
...will be my people!
What?
What's happening?
Thank you!
Thank you. sir!
Father God!
Father!
Eternal Young-chun.
New God resurrected.
Healer of all creation!
I shall heal the sick
and revive the dead!
I can walk!
Father God! Thank you!
All hail. the New God!
All who believe in me!
You will be my people!
Father God!
God has resurrected!
Why are there so many entrances?
Is a celebrity here?
Jesus Christ!
Scared me.
Don't run!
Wow!
Eternal Young-chun.
New God resurrected.
I shall return as a perfect god!
Praise me with all your might!
So. you're Wan-seo?
-Who are you?
Such a pretty girl.
Mr. Park Jong-min!
The hero of Barcelona!
I was quite the fighter
back in the day too.
Glad to meet you.
Darn.
That hurt!
Didn't you teach your daughter
some manners?
How dare she kick an elder?
-Sorry.
But why are you yelling at me?
I get it!
You're the bully. aren't you!
How dare you yell at an elder!
Disrespectful jerk!
Don't you have a father?
Of course. he passed on.
He was born in 1905.
Did you take my friends?
Jeez.
Actually. my daughter did.
-Daughter?
She changed religions
and is up to no good.
Enough with the introductions.
Let's get to the point.
Wan-seo.
I need your heart.
-Are you out of your mind!
Nine Girl!
Nine Girl! Are you okay?
I was about to come for you.
Welcome.
But how'd you get out?
Are you Wan-seo's father?
How do you do?
I'll give you time
to say your final farewells.
I'm called Fresh Girl.
This is Tank Boy.
-Don't.....
You must be so proud of her.
-Yes. I am.
But I'm worried that
she's childish and so weak.
Do you have kids. Tank Girl?
It's Fresh Girl.
-Sorry.
Ms. Kim Seon-nyeo!
Let me talk. will you?
-Who are you?
I'm Eternal Young-chun.
New God resurrected.....
Mister! That bro is the
villain. He has a tattoo.
Why is he a bro and I'm a Mister?
He's cute.
Well. you look like a type
who needs to be cared for.
How dare you interrupt
when I'm talking?
What?
Where is Ki-dong and Mr. Huh?
I ate them.
You jerk!
-Wait.
Not dead. right?
Oh. no!
Are you okay?
-Hey! Let go!
Hurry!
He's coming!
Park Ji-sung.
Lung recipient. Your job is.....
Moonlight big chew!
Is he dead?
What did you just say?
It's good manners to tell
the name of your lethal move.
Gross! You spit all over me.
Moonlight what?
What does that mean?
Oh. my!
Get back.
Ginseng big.....
-Blow!
Let's see.
Kim Seon-nyeo's tattoo is here.
There was an easier way!
With you on my side.
I didn't have to do all that work.
Help me.
I know it's easy for you
to hand over their powers to me.
No! Get away from me!
Just pass over
their powers to me.
No need for blood shed.
Want to own a yogurt company?
Give me my eyeball!
Darn Dr. Song.
I knew the cornea.....
Eternal Young-chun.
New God resurrected.
Be a true sacrifice
and live forever in me.
Why are you doing this?
There are two things
that I wanted my whole life.
One is youth.
You should ask what's the other one
for me to continue!
The other is.....
-You wanted to be god. right?
The world needs to see a god?
You'll become one to save people?
That's your nonsense story.
isn't it?
You must've read up on cults.
But lines like that
will get trolled!
You have a knack
for making people angry.
He's a famous online troll.
-Shut up.
Father God!
-What is it. Heel-han?
Was it all fake?
Was everything you showed us fake?
I left my entire family...
...and offered everything
that I made working day and night!
I offered up my life!
I was fooled
and did it all for nothing?
Yes.
So if you want to see a real god.
dedicate your lowly bodies to me.
Give me my eye. you jerk!
Go away! Why'd you throw that?
He's coming!
She's floating!
Should I die my hair?
We will offer up everything
to our Father God!
Our bodies. families.
assets. and everything!
Then we will be saved!
"FUTURE SCIENCE EXHIBITION"
"OFF LIMITS. WATCH ONLY"
Father God! Father God!
We pledge to offer our lives!
This can't be!
-What's wrong?
If this goes off. the tanks
will catch fire and kill everyone!
Wait! Hold on!
Let me catch my breath.
Winnie the.....
Will you kill everyone up there?
Will you kill all your followers?
I can always make new followers.
I'm the god of death.
You did this. not me.
Eternal Young-chun.
New God resurrected.
Be a part of me
and enjoy eternal life.
Kim Seon-nyeo! Hand them over!
Or you're all dead.
Open your eyes!
Park Wan-seo!
Die. you jerk!
No!
Nine Girl!
We saw him return
in his new body!
Let us now confess.....
How do you turn that off?
I'm not sure.
Then. what do we do?
It must be dispersed
with a lightning conductor....
...but I'm not an engineer.
I'm sorry.
Give me all the power.
What will you do?
Not sure.
but we gotta try something!
Hey!
If you succeed.
I'll say we're the same age.
If I do. I'll be your big bro!
Yes!
-If you're done....
...return the tattoos!
I'm your big bro now!
Oh. my.
Let's hold hands now.
-Hold on.
Give it to me.
-Hold hands.
Gotcha!
Why are you trying to win?
You losers should follow my orders
and give me what I want!
Stop it!
-Nine Girl!
Let go!
I can't!
Dad!
My baby girl!
Sweetie!
Why are you in a mess?
Did you fall?
Did someone hit you?
Who hit my weak. little girl?
Daddy's so sorry!
I tried to come sooner.
I'm so sorry.
Are you okay?
Daddy's so sorry.
Darn young jerk!
Huh Heel-han.
Want to be a cult leader?
I'm going to be a nurse.
Goddammit.
I'll get the van. Wait here.
Oh. no!
The yogurt must've all gone bad!
To deliver at night....
...I had a cart full of yogurt
and diet food.
Was the parking lot this way?
Blues Man.
-Bluetooth Man!
Right.
How about a song
while we wait for the van?
What do you want to hear?
I'll just play a song.
Hey. play that song.
No way.
I didn't say what song.
Battery Man.
-Yes?
Can you fix this for me later?
I'll buy some water on the way
and fix it for you.
Where did I leave the car key?
Here it is.
Okay.
How about picking a name
while we wait for the car?
We picked names last time.
That's our own names.
We don't have a group name yet.
In movies. they have names for
a team with superpowers.
Just choose a name.
In English or Korean?
-Choose whatever you want.
Actually. I'm good
at naming things.
No. I'll just name us.
You've worked hard.
Just recharge. Battery Man.
How about a nice. courteous name
like a greeting?
A name just crossed my mind.....
There are 5 of us! What's
a greeting of five in English?
I know what you mean.
Mister. Do this.
-Right.
"HI-FIVE"